# extending_testing_p2_challenge
Overview:

Find below several sections of text which outline my initial thoughts, a "play by play" of how I've tackled this problem (Log), test plan (to be added), and notes (to be added).

Initial thoughts:

The inclusion of both a droplist and(?)/or a droplist seems at first glance an area of concern - if given the option of either, an end user may try to have both. Will this cause conflicts? eg, both are present and contain the same information: allowlist: example, droplist: example. Is there exception handling for this eventuality? I would *expect* this to be the case and is therefore an area to test. Depending on the way the logic is coded to handle both eventualities this could lead to unexpected outcomes. If an allowlist is generated by mistake with no items but the users are intending to work from a droplist, the program may run and "finals" will be populated with nothing.

Log:

First Entry: My intial thought when starting the challenge was to run the program immediately to see what it did. As soon as the program ran I realised it had modified data - I purged the repo and returned to its original state. I changed tactic and attempted to gain as much of an understanding of the application from its file structure (without looking deeply at the codebase). 

Second Entry: I've now created a diagram of the filestructure in an effort to better understand the applications functions.

Third Entry: I've added three md's (initial_events, initial_states, initial_transitions - in addition to the initial_file_structure_diagram) that set out my initial expectations of the application. This will be useful to refer back to since any deviation from the way a user expects an application to work and to how it actually functions can be jarring (dependent on the size of the variation).
